looking good people you must be
resisting this criminal mass murderers
government that we have on record mass
murdering us by design which and
ethically modified foods that keep us
running straight the Big Pharma that's
what Monsanto is trying to stop the
labeling of these organic foods so you
can opt out of your own death 26 million
has now been lobbied against the
labeling of organic foods GMO foods that
are cancer-causing on record they want
you dead the ruling class that pulls
strings of all governments they want you
sickly but not fully get hit because
there's no there's no property that dead
patient not so soon they want to drug
you up with the sodium fluoride tap
water that is reducing IQ on record
creating a sevenfold increase in bone
cancer your loving mass motorist pieces
come back trash government that's a
little bit at the top we got awesome
pops on a local level but the orders
that come from the top are completely
criminal and illegitimate if it wasn't
for awesome awesome local law
enforcement we would have no real
government we got awesome brothers and
sisters that are our neighbors that's
who our police are but sometimes when
they put that riot suit on they start
healing themselves a little too much
right they want to put that knee down in
the back of your neck
mainstream lying corporate or media
wants to if you come down and in the
dark maybe you think that genetically
modified foods are cancer-causing oh my
god autism skyrocketing off the charts
cancer death of the infant mortality
rate is retarded